So in this lecture, I'm going to demonstrate the use of the before suite after suite and test annotation.
So I'm going to copy the class in the last lecture and paste it cool in this 108 for lecture eight and
I'm going to give it a name of annotations, underscore pt1 and then click.
Okay.
And I'm going to open that class and I'm going to move everything.
So.
So the first thing I'm going to do here is open up the Chrome demo class from the full package.
And you see it's got some of the set up code here.
So for now I am just going to copy these four lines and then go back to the new class and I'm just going
to paste them like so.
So the first thing I'm going to use is the before suites annotation.
So I'm going to at before sweet.
And then I am going to create a method.
So I'm going to call this public void set up.
And inside this method, I am going to Pisces free lines here.
Like so.
So what I expect to happen in the before.
Sweet said to run before the sweet is for the set property.
So the chrome driver property to be set.
A driver instance to be created, and then for that browser window to be maximized.
So under before sweet I have an error and the reason for that is I need to import it.
So now I am going to create a at test annotation and I'm going to create a new method called public.
Void.
Test.
And inside this, I am now going to pace this line.
Like so.
And then finally I am going to use the after suite annotation and I'm going to call this public void
and like so.
And inside this I am going to use driver dots.
Actually, before I do that, let me just address something.
You see that there's an error on the driver.
And the reason for this is that this method can't see that variable driver because driver is being created
inside before.
Sweet.
So what I need to do is to create the driver instance outside this method so that it's accessible to
the rest of the class.
And to do this, I can write outside of the methods.
So right at the top.
Web driver.
Driver, like so.
And now, because I've created a new driver variable, it means I don't need to declare it again here.
So I can remove this.
And you'll see that these turn blue in eclipse and that error has now gone away.
So just to briefly explain what I've done there.
I've created a new Web driver driver variable, and inside the before suite, I'm setting the system
properties to the driver and I'm reusing this variable here and I'm creating a new object of chrome
driver.
I'm then using that driver to open the maximize the window.
So this is done that before.
Sweet.
So I expect it to run early on.
Then I expect this test annotation to set this method to run next.
And again, I'm using this driver variable and I'm using the dot jet method to go to automation test
in the code at UK.
Then after the test is completed, I would expect the code seek out and run the after suite annotation
code and there's an error because I need to import it.
And error will now go away.
And here I'm going to write Driver.
Not close.
And driver don't quit.
So you haven't seen these two lines before.
So what?
The clothes come on.
Does is it closes or closes the browser window.
And drive acquit who safely close the instance of the driver session.
So this is commonly used at the end of our test to close the browser and to quit the session.
So the order I expect is to run in is before sweet to run first, then the test annotation to run next.
And finally, the after suite should run to close the browser.
So this is going to happen fairly quickly.
So I am going to use Fred sleep just for then demonstration purposes.
I'm going to set.
A waits for 2 seconds.
And when we use this, we need to add a phrase declaration.
And I'm also going to copy that here.
And then also at that Ffos declaration.
So that is the class written.
So I am now going to save this.
And then try running it.
So I really run it by right clicking and going to run as test and g orca run it from a test inject smell.
So I am going to amend the test inject smell to do this.
So I am going to review that and here I'm going to change EL 0608 and I've called it annotations annotation
without the S.
pt1 like so.
And if I say that I can now run it from the tests inject smell.
And let's try this out.
So it's opened the browser and expanded it.
It's going to automation test in the UK and then it closed down the browser.
And if we look at a console, you can see that the total test run was one and it passed the test.
So that code there ran in the order it was expected.
And that's how we can use it before sweet taste and after sweet annotations in test n g.
Thank you for watching.